Who made you promise?
Can't the heir to the god of war represent the middle and lower?
Let this group
The Western devils have been riding on our heads
Do you pee?
That's nice.
brother
We must make the people of the grinding group pay the price
Tired? If there is the right accident, there will be no accident.
shut up
Mr. Zheng, all the small and medium-sized people present are angry
But do you know what the consequences of failure are?
I once fought this sunset devil
At that moment, I felt that his strength was not right
even
He has been deliberately hiding his strength
The breath released in an instant
Even I am afraid
I don't even think that's something a person can release
Can you understand?
I used to fight with the god of war
All the way from Dongjiang to the Western Regions
Kill those foreign dogs
This Western ghost is not worth mentioning in front of me
As long as I want
Let him hit with one hand, and he admitted his mistake by courier.
My strength
It's not something you trash can understand
The strong are destined to be lonely
Not understood
You just stand down there
Watching the heir to this god of war crush
Foreign enemies are not his opponents
I advise you not to go up and die